---
title: "Urgent: Help Required"
permalink: /WMP/
exerpt: "No good email address goes unpunished."
last_modified_at: 2024-06-11T20:48:02-05:00
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - Satire
  - Email
  - Short Story
---
_It all began on YouTube. An unfortunate UK business ("We Move Poo") plastered their gmail across the side of their work vehicle which appeared for approximately 5 seconds on screen in the background of the video. Behold the fallout..._

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Good afternoon,

I hope that I’ve come to the right place. There isn’t much time, but my story must be told.

My name is Professor P. Ness, and I’m what you might call a poophilic (poo from the Latin, meaning “poop” in today’s tongue). As a connoisseur of the finest feces, the Fecund Philanthropist of Philadelphia, it is my sworn duty to amass the most incredibly awe-some pile of poo the world has ever seen. 

For years now I’ve been shitting in my secret lair, perched upon my golden throne resting on its crane-operated dais. Plop after wet plop my stash grew, slowly but surely inching the platform ever skyward. It was the pinnacle of human achievement, my life’s greatest work. Until that fateful day…

After a night of heavy indulgence at Mad Montezuma’s Mexican Kitchen, I slept in later than normal. My routine after such nights would be to prepare the day’s offering with ceremonial prune tea. Running behind, I realized I was out of prune and substituted for green tea. Foolish, I know… I see that now.  

The caffeine must have mixed with the Nuclear Winter hot sauce bubbling in my stomach, and before I could blink my brown eye *BAM* a hot ball of fire dropped into my colon. 

I raced to the entrance of my lair, half crouched as I clenched… there wasn’t much time. Sweat poured down my face as I mashed the button for the top, clinging to the railing as the glorious brown mountain whizzed by through the window, shadowy and mysterious in the gloom. 

I burst on to the dais, no time for the gas mask. As my trembling body crashed onto the gilded receptacle of my ancestors, Satan himself unleashed from my asshole as if the River Styx of Shit just had a dam burst.

What was that noise? Alas no, it was only my own screams echoing in my ears as my body did its very best to turn inside out. The last thing that I remember before blacking out was fumbling for the ejector switch and a curious rumbling beneath me… 

I write to you now from the relative safety of my Panic Room, but the backup generator has run out of diesel and there’s no telling how long my laptop battery will hold. Food supplies are dwindling, and finally we arrive at the purpose for my distress signal. 

You see, the sheer force of the ejecta from my anus was enough to trigger an awful avalanche of excrement which by some poor turn of fortune has trapped me inside my own lair.

I implore you, We Move Poo, live up to your namesake. I bring you the greatest challenge of the century, a rescue mission sure to test the mettle of even the staunchest shoveler of stink. If you choose to accept, I will send my coordinates forthwith. A tragedy to reveal the location of my lair, but self-preservation requires that my life’s work be known to the world before it is too late…   
 
I humbly and anxiously await your reply,

Professor P. Ness 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

_Our dear readers may be dissapointed to learn that the esteemed business did not deign reply._
